Note: 	don't hit resign it works sometimes and isn't done yet. also our help page isn't done yet either. 
		also older versions of java might not run this just saying
		also if you could please guess when you get a popup for a guess when you didnt hit the guess bottun. I didn't add a close
		button and it will break if you don't. i'll fix this when you are grading for bugs i swear.

User Story #1 -- submit details in takeTurns.txt
	1.) * Includes all 6 players
		At the start it lets you choose how many players you want in the game, so it can be 2-6. All 6 players are shown on the map.
	2.) * Defines correct player move rotation
		Just spam end turn and you will see it works. Also works if you limit the ammount of players.
		
User Story #2 -- submit details in boardVis.txt
	1.) * Displays board when program starts
		It does
	2.) * Displays player locations when program start
		Player starting locations are correct and can be located by looking at the colors.
	3.) * Display updates when player location changes
		It does. Move around and you can see this.

User Story #3 -- submit details in sixSidedRoll.txt
	1.) * Include code to correctly generate random value for die/dice roll
		int randomNum = rand.nextInt((6 - 1) + 1) + 1;
	2.) * Program displays die/dice roll for Miss Scarlet when program begins
		You can see when the game starts it starts off as Miss Scarlet's turn with a dice roll in the bottom right corner.
	3.) * Program generates and displays new die/dice roll result for other players
		Just spam end turn and you can seee it works.

User Story #4 -- submit details in cardsInHand.txt
	1.) * Shows Miss Scarlet's cards when program starts
		We made it a button so you can see the cards as it was really annoying with the pop ups.
	2.) * Updates card display at start of turn for each player
		It is updated whenever new information is added, but it works correctly. Cards that are found by guesses are added to
		"get all cards" and "get known cards".
	3.) * Each card (not in solution) appears in only one players hand
		Yup works you can check out all the players cards (easiest for two players) and see there is a total of 18(?) cards with 3
		being in the middle as the 'secret' cards.
		
User Story #5 -- submit details in move.txt
	1.) * Accepts legal movement that stays within the hallway and correctly updates player's location 
		Yup it does this. Click around to prove this.
	2.) * Accepts legal movement that goes through a doorway to end in a room and correctly updates player's location 
		Yup, the way our room works is when you enter a room you can choose which door you want to leave. So if you are in a room you hit
		the door then hit the tile you want to move to right outside the door. If you don't get it just spam click and you'll
		figure it out. It also ends your turn once you enter a room.
	3.) * Accepts legal movement that goes from one room to another via the secret passageway and correctly updates player's location 
		Yes you can either hit the gray button in the corner of the room you are in to tp you to the other corner or click the door in the
		other corner room to move you.
	4.) * Does not let me cheat Does not accept illegal move (if your system lets player try making illegal move, displays error when this happens)
		Error is displayed on the 'console' up above the board as popups are annoying.

User Story #6 -- submit details in suggest.txt
	1.) * Allows player to enter a sugestion 
		Yes it does, hit make a guess to prove this.
	2.) * Requires suggestion to include weapon & player; forces player to use room they are in
		Forces player to be in a room and makes the player guess what room they are in.
	3.) * Only allows player to make suggestion when they are in a room
		Yuppers

User Story #7 -- submit details in proof.txt
	1.) * When next player holds card disproving suggestion, shows that player's name & the card
		Yup if a player guesses and it is found it is shown in the console above the board.
	2.) * When next player cannot disprove suggestion, but player-after-next holds card disproving suggestion, shows player-after-next's name & the card
		Same as above.
	3.) * When only player before suggesting player can disprove suggestion, shows player-before-suggesting-player's name & the card
		See above.
	4.)  * When only suggesting player can disprove suggestion, shows that nobody can disprove suggestion
		Yup, it will show in console that no players had any cards that could prove you wrong.
	5.) * When no player can disprove suggestion, shows that nobody can disprove suggestion
		Same princable above applies here.

	